My name is Ubaldo Acosta. I hope you're
ready to begin. Let's review the general
agenda of the Hibernate Framework course.
Are you ready? let's go
Starting: Introduction to Hibernate
Framework and JPA. In this section will
study an introduction to Hibernate
Framework and JPA and how these two
technologies are related. We'll also see
the concept of Object Relational Mapping (ORM)
and is the model on which Hibernate and
JPA are based. We'll also review an
architecture of 3 business layers
and we'll see the role played by
Hibernate and JPA within this enterprise
architecture. Will also carry out the
installation of the tools that we're
going to use throughout the course and
will create a first HelloWorld project
using Hibernate Framework and JPA
The basis: Basic Operations with
Hibernate and JPA.
In this section we'll review the basic
operations with hibernate and JPA. These
basic operations are select data, insert,
update and delete data. We'll do an
exercise to put this concept into
practice. Relationships: Management of
associations with Hibernate and JPA. We'll
review the concept of association
management with hibernate and JPA.
We'll create an entity relationship
scheme where we'll review the types of
associations with hibernate and JPA. We'll
review the associations of one-to-one
one-to-many and many-to-many
relationships. We'll create an exercise to
put this associations into practice. State
Management: Life cycle in Hibernate and
JPA
in this section we'll analyze the life
cycle of entity objects when we use
Hibernate and JPA.
We'll see how to persist an object, how
to recover it, how to modify it and how
to delete it.
We'll carry out an exercise to put into
practice the life cycle of entity
objects
More Topics: Cascade Persistence with
Hibernate and JPA.
In this section we'll study the concept
of cascade persistence which is one of
the topics that can help us when we want
to persist an entity object. We'll create an
exercise to put this concept into
practice. Queries: Queries with Hibernate and
JPA. We'll see the topic of queries when
working with hibernate and JPA. In
Hibernate this language is known as
hibernate query language (HQL) and in JPA is
known as Java Persistence Query Language (JPQL). Will see
the characteristics of these languages
and in turn we'll perform several exercises
to put this concept into practice. More
Queries. Criteria API with Hibernate and
JPA. in addition to HQL and JPQL
languages there is Criteria API which
you can also extract information from the
database using this API.
However this Criteria API is commonly
used to create dynamic queries with Java
code, instead of strings like HQL or JPQL
languages. We will create several
exercises to implement this type of
queries. Integrating Everything: Real
world web application with Hibernate and
JPA.
We'll create an application called
Student Management System which will
integrate everything seen in the course,
from basic topics to more advanced
topics of Hibernate and JPA. This
application will have a 3-layer
architecture and will perfectly define
the role of each technology in this
practical application which will serve
as the basis for your own with Java Web
and Enterprise Applications using
Hibernate and JPA.
Broadly speaking, this is the general
agenda of the Hibernate and JPA course.
These are just some of the many more
topics we'll learn throughout this
course. So, if you are ready, let's begin :)